Uh. I was wondering if
you by any chance...
Still had the offer?
Maybe a fresh start
would be good.
What about taking
our finger to a lab?
Mm-hmm.
I mean. if it isn't Jay
Pflug's. whose is it?
There's a secret room in the
building where your husband
ran an illegal poker game.
I'm more interested in
what you're up to. Charles.
You hooked up with a suspect!
I can't find my phone. I might
have left it in the minivan.
Or Sofia stole it.
Oliver. get your car.
we're gonna intercept her.
-Wait. you just missed our turn!
-No. no. this is a shortcut.
-How do you know that?
-I grew up here.
What is she doing in Flatbush?
I don't know. but maybe you could
shop for apartments while we're here.
All these invoices are
made out to "Tommy."
Tommy the Tongue is not
a person. it's a company.
And that company is worth
a shit-ton of money.
except that money was
withdrawn. all of it.
-first thing this damn morning.
-By who?
Who would want the money
that bad to kill those dudes?
Hide!
Their wives.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What makes a home?
Is it just four walls sheltering
the accumulation of a whole life?
Or is it the safe house
for all your memories?
The good...
...and the bad.
After you leave
childhood behind.
the first home you
make for yourself
becomes so much a
part of your identity
that on sleepless nights.
it forces you to wonder...
who are you without your home?
And what would you
do if it were gone?
Oh.
It's all gone.
Everything. everything.
-Everything.
-I know. baby.
I know. my love.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
No. I was on set when
the call came in.
That's why I went
straight to the airport.
They said it was a short
in my electric tea kettle.
Oh.
-You know...
-Look. look. I...
I want you to know one thing.
Not everything is gone.
I know. I have you. you have me.
That's really... That's
all that matters. I...
-Yeah.
-Wow. you really sold that.
No. but it's my dad's dog
tags from Omaha Beach.
You know? And then I only had a
few little pictures of Dicky...
of the baby before I
had to give him up.
and all my Playbills. and...
...just. you know. all
my stuff. It's my stuff.
Okay. come here.
Over here.
So now. you have new stuff!
Our stuff. our wedding haul.
Oh. my God.
It's just not. you
know. the stuff.
it's just 47 years I
was in that apartment.
I just feel like
part of me is gone.
Well. now. part of you now
looks like a cabbage tureen.
Oliver. Only Murders in
the Building. season five:
-Widows' Peak.
-How good is that?
Because the widows have
piqued our suspicion.
Different spelling.
but we think it plays.
Yeah.
-Hi.
-Mm.
-Loretta. I'm so sorry.
-Oh.
You're a sweetie.
But you know. I didn't fly all
this way for doom and gloom.
Let's talk murder. Hi.
Uh. hi...
Sofia Caccimelio.
seen handing a plaid
bag to Lester's widow
after a mysterious
bank account...
How do I make accounting sexy?
-Can I?
-Yeah.
Um...
Two scorned women. black
widows. slain husbands.
Ooh.
-Swiss accounts.
-Oh!
Who said anything
about Swiss accounts?
Yeah. you want sexy?
She's serving sexy.
Okay. we now have
two new suspects
that we can actually
podcast about.
Although. Charles
made out with Sofia.
who made off with his phone.
Oh! She returned the phone.
She didn't call up. so she
doesn't wanna see me again.
Thank goodness!
She's a murderous mob wife.
We hit it. we quit it. we over.
I've had the entrée. and
now I'm back to the apps.
the dating apps.
I was all over the apps
before I met you. Ollie.
Well. I... I also
dabbled. you know.
Last Gasp. Yeah.
Old-Gasm.
Silver Shrivel.
Help... I've fallen in love...
And I can't get it up.
Hey. guys?
Hey. guys. um. let's
focus on Rainey.
-Oh. yeah. Okay. sorry.
-Because where was she
the night of the murders?
And what did Sofia give
her in the plaid bag?
You know. Oliver. since
you're from Brooklyn...
Oh. sure. send the
Brooklynite to Brooklyn.
I thought you young people
were against profiling.
Anyway. Rainey hates me.
Hm. but she doesn't know me.
Or Emily Lawler.
Emily Lawler. the... the
detective I played on SVU.
-Oh. Uh. yes. yes. yes. yes. Right.
-Yeah. it was a small part. but I mean...
She had a great
chunky Cajun drawl.
you know. and she had
a great backstory.
She. um...
...she fell down
a well as a child.
Her backstory was that
she was in a well?
She fell down a
well as a child.
She was down a well three
days. just her and the 'gator.
I had a whole
monologue about it.
It was gonna be my
breakout. I thought.
But then. they cut it. and they
just pulled the whole episode.
and you know. who knows why.
-Is it too long? Maybe.
-Eh...
But what is long?
-I mean. if you...
-I think this
may be too long.
Okay. but I just wanted
to be Emily Lawler.
because I've had a...
a really bad day.
and I don't wanna be me.
-I don't...
-Oh. babe. Baby. baby. baby.
Let's... Let's go to Brooklyn.
You show me your hometown. 'kay?
-Okay. okay.
-Okay.
And do you still have the trench
coat from Death Rattle Dazzle?
Because I think
Emily would feel...
...buck naked without
her trench coat.
I love that we
can share clothes.
We can share.
Quirky.
-I'm here for a finger.
-Charles!
Finally!
I hate having a body
part in my freezer.
I wake up for a midnight snack
and it's Haagen-Dazs. finger.
Haagen-Dazs. finger.
-Damn.
-I know.
Without the hand. it
looks kinda lonely.
No. I mean "damn." as
in. this is just ice.
-What?
-Someone fingered your finger.
Well. there's no
signs of forced entry.
How's it look in there?
Anything outta place?
Anything missing?
Everything seems the same.
Oh. shit. y'all got the
big. nice ice cubes.
I love the big. nice ice
cubes. make you feel rich.
Well. it's the little
things. I guess.
Wait a minute. What's that?
Maybe the finger thief left it?
Oh wait. no.
I might have. I'm
trying something new.
Uh. boots with rubber
soles. very cool.
Housekeeper must've overlooked
this. I'll take a photo.
She appreciates.
uh. visual feedback.
Don't we all?
Charles. when was the last time
you laid eyes on the finger?
When we put it in the freezer.
Great. so it could have been
stolen anytime in the last week.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Last Gasp notification.
-I'm talking to someone very nice.
-Oh. yeah?
And what's her kinks. huh?
Murdering? Dealing?
Hitting and running?
You know what? I deserve that.
But that's why I'm trying online dating
to meet someone good for a change.
And have you?
-Mm.
-Okay. you're being cute.
Let me see a pic.
Yep.
That's just a chin.
Yeah. it's a chin.
Come on.
We're doing a little game where we
exchange body part photos very slowly.
and I kinda roll
it out. you know?
Holy!
Wow!
No.
No. you're not
wearing an earring.
-Yes.
-No. you're not.
-Priscilla likes it. Yeah.
-I... I don't care what she says. you're...
-Okay. I'm taking it off. there you...
-Okay. guys. Stop.
How can I get access to security
cameras in the building?
Howard's robot BFF.
-They're in the lobby.
-There we go.
-Okay. let's test my...
-Okay.
-...Oliver lore.
-Yes.
-Flatbush.
-You lived here from nine to 12...
-Yeah. mm-hmm.
...with your second set
of foster parents...
-Right.
-...Sue and Al.
Sue had the six cats. Al had
the. uh. drinking problem.
-No. no. no. no. no. she had eight cats.
-Oh.
And he called it a
"drinking opportunity."
Oh. what I'd give to see you
-playing stick ball in a purple scarf...
-Yeah.
...with those little
preteen gams...
...just sliding right into home.
Can I play?
Ollie?
-Ice cream!
-Hurry up!
-Not it!
I'd say I miss those gams.
but who are we kidding?
-I still got 'em.
-Oh. yeah.
It's true.
Ooh. okay.
Rainey kills her husband and
instantly puts her place up for sale.
That plaid bag is in there.
I feel it. I feel it.
And Emily Lawler's
instincts are never wrong.
So embarrassing. caught listening
to your own song. right?
Yeah. it's so cool.
Oh. let me just...
♪ I know you're watchin' ♪
♪ So go ahead. read my lips ♪
♪ Baby. I know
you're so obsessed ♪
♪ You see me in your dreams ♪
Girl. this is you?
This is a bop!
Thank you! I know. right?
But I just can't figure
out how to turn it off.
♪ Wish that you were me ♪
♪ Don't you wish
that you were me ♪
Ah. okay. There we go.
Yeah. it's still on.
Wait.
Are you... Are you
guys on a case?
-Yeah. there was a break-in...
-No. No!
I mean. no. there's nothing. No.
A break-in?
Wait. you're on the
14th floor. right?
I wonder.
Okay. so last night.
Gaga calls me.
And then after. I run
into Seth... Rogen...
and we end up back at my
penthouse doing shrooms.
And we're looking out the
window and we're just. like.
tripping on this little light
that keeps moving around the
14th floor on the East Tower.
You think there was
someone in my apartment?
Or she was just hallucinating.
That is what Seth Rogen said.
-You could just call him Seth.
-No. I think it might be confusing.
'cause I'm also really good
friends with Seth Meyers.
-Oh.
-So. anyway.
Seth Rogen and I. we end
up going to an apartment.
and sure enough. there
is a little light
moving under the door.
Wait. hold up. do you remember
what the apartment was?
14C.
And I thought that the C.
it looked like a little
person wanting a hug.
But no one was
hugging it back.
Oh my God. oh my God. THĒ!
I love you so much.
Can we take a picture?
Mora?
I'm gonna need you to talk to
her to get some more information.
-Wh...
-Yeah. I clocked it.
Middle school besties.
did everything together.
until you had some nuclear-level
friendship blow-up.
Wow. You are a great detective.
No. I was just a teenage girl.
But then I got titties.
and so did you.
So. we grow up. we get over
it. and we move on. yeah?
-Hi.
-Hello there.
Feel free. the flyers are
there for your perusal.
Why. thank you very much.
Okay. Nice hat.
Oh!
-Hello.
-Hello. welcome.
-Thanks.
-Have a look.
Oh. this is the exact layout
as the place I grew up in.
Oh. good. you... you
kept the original floors.
And the tuberculosis.
Hmm.
This room is off limits.
I'm so. so. so sorry to
scream out like that.
Um...
Uh. it's. um. PTSD
from the well.
but I... I won't... I won't
bore you with the whole story.
Name's Emily Lawler. just up
here by way of Natchitoches.
Big change for a little
swamp girl like me.
I was headin' on. uh. up the
stairs and I heard "Vissi d'arte."
You know Tosca?
Oh. do I!
I played the Maria Callas part
in my senior year at Lafayette.
Is that Floria
Tosca's... dagger?
This is the same one
Maria Callas used
in her final performance
of Tosca at The Met.
-Oh...
-Isn't it wonderful?
My husband came across it
at a police repo auction.
-Mm.
-On our 10th anniversary.
It was perfect!
He died this month.
Oh.
My condolences.
I lost mine this past year.
In a fire. I lost everything.
-Oh.
-So...
Is this your lucky fella?
No. no. no. I was his lucky gal.
And we were married for
30 years. and every night
he would come home and
kiss me on the head.
And then one night.
no kiss and...
he was gone.
Yeah. he fell into the fountain
of the courtyard
where we married.
Hmm.
Look at that woodwork!
You don't see moldings
like that no more.
-Oh. my God.
-Yeah. 100% pine.
-Are you serious?
-On my mother...
-I would not lie to you. my friend.
-Ah!
Listen. uh.
not for nothing. uh.
what's your credit score?
Excuse me one sec.
I'll be right back.
-Pardon me.
-Jesus Christ.
There are the bags.
Ah. look at them.
Al. Sue. come on!
I'm asking you. please. The
play's not a waste of time.
-I think you'll like it.
-Look enough of this.
We're not going to any
play. and neither are you.
We took him in. If
he's got any free time.
he can work at
the goddamn store.
Ah. don't be difficult now.
And it'll feel good for you
to contribute to this house.
-Aw.
-Al!
Not fair.
-If I may.
-Hmm?
Why are you sellin'?
I would give anything
to at least have my home
and my... my stuff back.
Yeah. I thought I'd feel
the same way. but...
you know. I look around.
and honestly. I...
I don't want any of this.
I want him.
Yeah.
And. anyway. it's not like
I can afford to stay here.
I'm even selling the dagger.
My son thinks I can get
$500 for this on eBay.
-Yeah.
-Oh. Mm.
You wouldn't want
this. would you?
So. you didn't find the bag.
but you gave our suspect $500
to keep a weapon?
You didn't find a bag either.
Uh. side note. how
much cash do you carry?
Oh. you know I
don't trust banks.
Oh. and I do?!
Uh...
I don't care about my stuff.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
And that woman...
That woman didn't
kill her husband.
She's barely hanging on.
Loretta. look.
The daily meeting of
the Innocent Wives Club.
And that's the mobster's wife.
-Oh!
-And that is a plaid bag
full of money. I'm guessing.
She played me. She played
me like a fuckin' fiddle.
We're in pursuit. Putnam!
Oh! Uh. yeah. okay.
Howard. we need
Robot Lester's help.
He prefers "LESTR."
You can use "Human
Lester" for the dead one.
Oh. speaking of. I've styled new LESTR up
a bit more dashingly than the last one.
So. what do you need?
LESTR can do anything.
Except cleanup spills. We're
still shy around water.
I got killed by
water yesterday.
Howard's gonna keep you dry.
You're safe with Howard.
-I don't feel safe at all.
-Howard. we need to see footage
of Charles' front door
from last night around...
What time were you
creeping around?
With Seth Rogen? Around 2:30.
Ooh. I'm so excited.
I did a clue.
LESTR. 2:30.
-You got that. babe?
-Gotcha. Daddy.
Is that grooming?
Now. at the academy they
prepared us for a lot of stuff.
but I ain't never seen no
shit like this. I'm shook.
Okay. this is 1:00 to 3:00 a.m.
-Let me know when to stop.
-Okay.
I was wearing my red feather cape.
couture. gifted by Donatella.
-Yeah?
-She raises. plucks.
and slaughters the birds.
humanely. of course.
So. just look for
plumes. I'll pop.
Yeah. I don't
see any feathers.
Are you sure this
is the right time?
LESTR doesn't make mistakes.
Well. I think he did.
because I was there.
Were you. though? I mean.
maybe you were just telling a
story about your celebrity friend.
and pretend you saw
something that you didn't see
just because you have to make it
-all about you.
-Mora!
Oh. Okay. yep. right
there. See. look.
Can you go back to it
again. but just go slower?
Here you go.
-Was that...
-Humane fuckin' feathers.
Someone cut a chunk out of the
footage. They tampered with it.
I'll bet that's when
they took the finger.
Which means...
Althea was telling the truth.
Yep.
Well. Charles and I are
gonna go to the precinct.
because if the cops have
any footage of Lester
falling into the
fountain. I wanna see it.
What about me?
You need to go and
apologize to that girl.
Oh! Should we try
to get closer?
No. no. no. I don't
want them to see us.
Also. the bod's starting to
tighten up. Did you pack a banana?
Hey. how's it going today?
Do you care about dogs dying?
-Well. obviously. yes.
-Oh. my God. yes. of course.
Well. I'm collecting signatures
to stop New York City
from opening its
first ever casino.
Right now. there's a few competing bids.
They're all just terrible for the city.
-So. if you could just...
-Wait a minute. sorry.
What does that have
to do with dogs?
Oh. uh. nothing. I just
find it's a helpful way
to get people to stop.
you know what I'm saying?
-Oh. my God. they're gone!
-Oh. geez. Ah!
-Uh. anyway...
-Saboteur!
-Oh. God. where'd they go?
-We lost them.
Maybe we should head on up
to the corner and split up.
Or no.
No. we should go back to her house
and wait for them there. okay?
Oliver. what are you doing?
I didn't think this
would still be here.
What?
Just for a minute. can
I show you something?
Okay. Ooh.
What?
-This is it.
-What?
The theater that
made me love theater.
Oh. Oh. man.
Yeah. I can... I can see it.
Little Ollie...
owning the spotlight.
Well. it wasn't
exactly like that.
No?
I was a... a quiet kid.
-Yeah.
-No. it's true. I was.
Bouncing from place to place.
you learn quiet is good.
Hmm.
If you make yourself small...
maybe a family will let
you stay for a while.
So. I did. and it worked.
But I never...
felt at home.
Until one day... I
stumbled into here.
There were kids
putting on a show...
...and they were big. and
loud. and unapologetic.
-And I... I wanted to be just like them.
-Yeah.
They asked me to
be in their play.
-Uh-huh?
-Bit part.
but being on that
stage was the feeling
that I'd been searching
for my whole life.
-Mm.
-I rehearsed my little butt off.
hemmed my costume.
But when I worked up the
courage to invite Sue and Al...
they just...
I quit the play.
But on the night of the
show. I couldn't stay away.
-Mm.
-I snuck out...
...dressed in that costume.
just in case they
still needed me.
And I watched Pat
Rafferty say my line.
In my whole life...
I've only really felt
like myself in two places.
I think... I think
being back here today.
I... I've... I finally
understand why I'm so afraid
-to leave the Arconia.
-Hmm.
I got an offer on my place.
It's big.
How big?
Late-career Brando big.
-Oh. boy.
-Yeah.
A cushion. Would be nice.
Yeah.
Oh. what am I saying?
But then again. uh...
You know. you...
What are we doing?
I just...
I want you to say your line.
-My what?
-Ollie.
You took this awful
life you were given
and you turned it into
something beautiful.
I refuse to let you think there's any
place on Earth you can't be happy.
starting right here.
-Okay?
-Alright.
Okay.
But only if you do
the never-performed Emily
Lawler monologue first.
-Oh. no. I'm not gonna... No.
-Yes. yes. yes.
Get up. come on.
-I wanna see it.
-I... I can't possibly.
I haven't even...
Man. I haven't thought
about that in year...
Mr. Thibideaux.
You must think that I'm
some damsel in distress.
Or maybe you think that
I'm still that little girl.
stuck down in Bob Turley's
borehole. beggin' for help.
But I'm not that
little girl anymore.
Mr. Thibideaux.
One night. you gon'
be lying in your bed.
warm and safe. and
I'm gon' find you.
And with Pa's gun delivered
straight down from heaven above.
I will put you in my sights
just like that 'gator.
I can't wait to
lower that gun...
and tell you...
No.
Y'all ain't even worth killin'.
Bravo!
-Spectacular.
-Now. you!
Okay.
Hey. Fagin!
These sausages are moldy!
-That... That was the line?
-That was it.
-Okay. That was it!
That was... That's
all there was.
Well...
if it ain't the
crybaby con-artist.
Thought you could
fool me. bitch?
You can drop the accent.
Okay. drop this.
We know about the
emptied accounts.
We know about the bags of cash
passed between bloodthirsty broads.
What the hell is going on here?
Did you follow me after
my date with Ch...
-Where's Charles?
-Back off. Sofia! He's fragile.
I think we were
both in a fragile.
yet slightly horny...
Don't change the subject.
Fine.
My husband ran a few
businesses in the Arconia.
and Lester worked for him.
I was bringing
Rainey Lester's cut.
-Yeah. money you killed your husbands for.
-Right.
Wait. nobody killed my husband.
He died by accident.
You think somebody
killed my husband?
Who the fuck killed my Lester?!
-Y-You did.
-Wrong! Give me names!
-I'm scared now. I can't remember.
-There was a card game.
-Yes. Yes. Yes.
-In the Arconia the night of our wedding.
No. but he said he wouldn't
work for Nicky that night
so he could go to your wedding.
Oh. my God. why wasn't I there?
Oh. because I was here.
We... We had rehearsal.
Well. can anyone
corroborate that?
Yeah. 23 tone-deaf kids.
They'll be here in a minute.
You know. I... I
teach musical theater.
I teach opera.
The money is to help
keep the lights on.
-That's...
-So. do you have any idea
who could have
killed your husbands?
Did they have any enemies?
-No one!
-Everyone.
Well. Lester didn't wanna tell
me much about what he did.
He didn't feel
good about the job.
but he was hoping to save
enough for our big dream:
a place in the Arconia.
You know. it's where we met.
It's the last thing
he ever said. Look.
-"It's beautiful."
-Yeah.
-It's...
-He got that right.
Okay. you're off my list
because you made me feel things.
You! Why are you here?
No!
Relax! It's one of
my dumb son's toys.
-Oh.
-Rainey's borrowing it
for her production of Newsies.
-Hi. kids!
-Hey!
Newsies!
Oh. Can I help?
Thank you for
caring about Lester.
And if this helps. uh. the
police found it on him.
It's one of his bird whistles.
I've carried it ever since.
Oh. thank you.
Come on.
Who's playing Cowboy Kelly?
Althea? It's Mabel.
Look. I came to talk...
Oh!
What the hell?
My name is THĒ!
Oh. Ow! Jesus Christ!
THĒ! Why are you
throwing shoes at me?
Oh. did it hurt your feelings?
-No. but it hurt my arm!
-Good. 'cause you know what?
I'm a famous pop star now who
lives above you at the Arconia.
So. I have about a
billion other free shoes
with very spiky heels!
God. what is your problem?
Will you stop it? I'm
trying to apologize.
and you're acting
like a fucking baby!
-Oh!
-I'm the fucking baby?
You're the one that embarrassed
me in front of my new neighbors.
Well. you're the one that
made me afraid to be myself
and... be silly with girls.
Wait. what?
Sunny and Cloudy.
That thing we used to do
-before you changed.
-I changed?
Yeah. you dyed your hair pink and
made everyone call you "The". or...
You know what? Only
after you ghosted me.
I didn't ghost you.
My friend died. I was depressed.
Well. nobody told me that.
so I was depressed. too.
I had to double my Lexapro.
Oh. I doubled my Lexapro.
Honestly. thank God for Lexapro.
Honestly. thank God.
I don't know if you
know this. but...
I wrote this song about you.
Yeah. the artwork
kind of gives it away.
The sun and cloud clued me in.
But you're wrong.
I never wished I was you.
I know that.
Because I wished I was you.
Oh. Mabel.
You ditched me for
your city friends.
And every time I came to visit
you. you made me feel so lame.
And in my head. the
Arconia was. like.
the coolest. fanciest place.
And that is why I
wanted to live here.
You made it my dream.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
make you feel lame.
You're objectively not.
I mean. you're friends
with Seth Rogen.
And Seth Meyers.
But you know. I really. really
could use an old friend.
You think we could start over?
Can I keep these shoes?
Are you still a size eight?
Oliver. we got the
courtyard security footage.
This is it. Oliver.
Where's your laptop?
Uh. in my office.
Uh. young one. A word.
Uh... Ooh. I love your boots.
Thanks. they're Althea's.
Oh. did you drop a house on her?
-Actually. the witches made up.
-Ah.
Well. speaking of houses...
Oh. no. Are you really leaving?
I wanted to tell you first.
Okay. I'm okay.
Are you... Are you going far?
Are you kidding?
Who is Oliver Putnam if he's
not on the Upper West Side?
-Ollie. can you come help me?
-Oh. uh...
-Oh. man.
-I gotta send my new roomie
back to the burn unit.
What?
Oh. sorry. it's just
Priscilla. she's so funny.
Look. Charles.
I'm happy for you.
but if she starts
asking for money.
or your mother's maiden name.
or childhood pet's name...
...just let me know.
You don't have to worry about that.
She's just interested in my day.
When I told her about the break-in.
you should have seen her face.
Well. actually. I
didn't even see her face
'cause the Wi-Fi in
Portugal is so iffy.
You told her about the case?
Well. just a... a little tidbit.
I mean. she had a thousand
questions about our plan.
and the conversation
was slowing down.
You know what. give me your fuckin'
phone. You're being catfished. Charles.
Okay. play the footage.
Oh. my God.
Wh... S-So he was alone?
No. look.
Oh. I knew it. I
fucking knew it.
Okay. so if you look right here.
this glitch is from the same footage
as THĒ and Seth Rogen's.
Somebody has fucked
with this shit. too.
Something has been cut out.
Um... why is the
Last Gasp peach logo
the same as on the
security footage?
It's the same company.
So. who owns the company
that edited our footage
and is pumping Charles
for info about our case?
Hold on. I'm lookin'.
What?
So. do we look for
another two bedroom
so we can still use
all my furniture?
Mm. we could. we could.
Or we could start over.
I could do a Pinterest board. which
is kind of like a murder board.
but for finding our
style as a couple.
Alright. that would be great.
It takes bravery to
build a new home.
and it's easier to be brave
when you're in the arms
of someone who
makes you feel safe.
But even for those
who do build anew.
there remains a fear.
For they know that
danger is always lurking.
and that no home
is safe forever.
That's who's been messaging me?
Yup. and cooked the footage.
And maybe killed Lester.
What does it say?
You're such a smarty-pants.
Now. I need to
come hunt you down.
♪ Bet you wish
that you were me ♪
♪ Yeah. wish that you were me ♪
♪ Bet you wish
that you were me ♪
♪ It must be tough to
keep me in a past life ♪
♪ When you wake up and
see me in the headlines ♪
♪ Ten times a month. and
that's just in my downtime ♪
♪ No. it's true. you'd
kill to have it too ♪
♪ I bet you wish that you could
have even half of my hits ♪
♪ And I know you're watchin' ♪
♪ So go ahead.
read my lips. ah ♪
♪ Baby. I know
you're so obsessed ♪
♪ See me in your dreams. ooh ♪
♪ Singing this song.
it's in your heart ♪
♪ When you go to sleep. yeah ♪
♪ Wish that you were me ♪
♪ Bet you wish that
you were me. yeah ♪
♪ Wish that you me. bet
you wish that you were me ♪
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-